#Applications

In this folder there are some example applications using the Eye of Horus interacting with the computer using
[Processing Language] (https://processing.org/)

They are sorted by level of difficulty.

###processing_1_mouse
In this Example Eye of Horus takes control of the mouse pointer and plots in the screen a circle in the point where the user is looking.

###processing_2_mouse_image
This is a small video game where the user can move the Discovery spaceship across the Solar System
The spaceship is controlled by the eye.

###processing_2_mouse_video
This example plays a video of a car running in a circuit.
The Eye of Horus system takes control of the mouse pointer and plots in the screen a circle in the point where the user is looking.
This can be used for tracking where the user has been looking during each moment.
Can be used for studying the user possibilities of distraction while driving

###processing_4_arduino_light_relay
This example interacts with an arduino in order to switch on a light.
The processing script detects when the eye is pointing the infrared LED captured by an infrared camera.
When this happens it sends an command message using the serial port (light_on)
On the other side the Arduino device connected to the physical light is listening in the serial port and when the command light_on appears it switch on the light.



Note: in order to run this examples you will need:
1.- Switch on you Eye of Horus device

2.- A computer connected to the Wifi generated by the Eye of Horus (In our case the wifi is named VoCore)

3.- Install xdotool conmmand in your linux computer
aptitude install xdtool

4.- Execute in your linux computer the command
xhost +si:localuser:www-data
This will allow xdotool to control our mouse.

5.- Run the Eye Interface webpage that will process the images and control the mouse (you will need an apache/php server)

